[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We have generation after
generation who actually are
being who their parents were.
And it doesn't
matter how much you
make a pact not to
be like your mother,
not to be like your father.
They're your primary
teachers in life.
If we allow the children to be
guided by their hearts, which
is the unity consciousness,
they will guide the world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SUBDUED MUSIC]
>> I understand you've
had a unique background,
a childhood to get
us to this point.
>> I don't know
how unique it is.
I suspect actually
it's fairly common.
It's just I think most kids,
if they have my experiences,
might have shared them with
other people and been told,
don't be silly, you know?
It's just your imagination.
It's nonsense.
I had the great benefit of not
sharing my experiences [LAUGHS]
with anybody else
until I was an adult.
And that wasn't because
I was scared of what
people might actually say.
It was more I was
having such a good time.
[LAUGHS] And those
experiences were experiences
of communication with
beings from other realms,
multi-dimensional experiences.
So things like precognitive
dreams, telepathy,
clairaudience, remote
viewing, many synchronicities,
and a lot of validation
of insight and information
that came through
those experiences
that really helped me keep
on that path of exploration
and curiosity that's
continued to this day.
>> When I was three years
old, I was out in the garden,
little patio where
my parents lived,
and I was playing with ladybugs.
I loved the ladybugs because
they would play with me,
and they would talk to me.
And they would just
do simple things
like they would
come closer to me.
I found them very comforting.
So one day, I was out there
and my mom came out and said,
you need to come in the house
and change your clothes.
No, I'm playing with
my ladybug friends.
Why would I do that?
I told the ladybugs,
I am not going in.
I'm going to stay here.
And the ladybug said,
you need to go in.
And I said, why?
And they said,
because someone is
coming that's important
for you to meet.
[SIGH] It was like,
it's an adult thing.
And they said again,
you need to go in.
Sure enough, my great
aunt and uncle showed up.
I'd never met them before.
And my great aunt was amazing.
She was the first person
who spoke to me as an adult.
Miranda, it is so
nice to meet you.
And I brought you a present, and
tell me what your life is like.
I mean, she just--
she was right there.
It was so healing for me because
I was not used to someone
talking to me level to level.
And that changed my life
because it gave me validity,
especially in an area of, A,
the ladybugs told me, and B,
here's a person
saying, yep, I'm here
to see you at three years old.
That was just important.
So important.
My parents, I would share these
things with them and they'd go,
honey, that's really
great, but let's
just keep it in the house.
You know?
Now, that was great
because it let me
know that the house was safe.
But outside of the
house, it was not.
And that was something that
served me for years, years
to come.
>> We're born with it.
It's a part of us.
It's been trained out
of us from yea big.
When we learn language, when we
go to school, when we are told,
oh, it was just a dream,
don't worry about it,
it's just an imaginary
friend, you know.
Hey, imaginary friends
are very important.
I used to set the table for
my son's imaginary friend.
My husband used to think
I was out of my mind.
And I said, hey, what
difference does it
make if there's an extra
plate on the table?
You know, come on.
[CHILDREN TALKING]
>> The way Western education
and Western religion tended
to raise most of us was to
deny our own internal intuition
and our own deep validity and
say that they had the wisdom
and the answers.
Listen to us.
So we learned in school mainly
by rote and spitting back
facts.
In many churches
I'm aware of, if you
began to question, they might
say, that's a sin of pride,
et cetera.
You need to follow this book.
So we were taught often to
distrust our internal sense.
We can also have
trouble when the culture
itself has a false persona.
So Mommy and Daddy are
tense with each other,
but they're not saying anything.
They don't express
anger in that family.
And the kid comes and says,
Mommy, Daddy, what's wrong?
And they say, nothing.
OK?
You learn to distrust because
you love your parents,
and you learn to distrust
your own inner vibe
with that first nothing.
They think they're
doing you a favor
to keep you from adult
conflicts that you don't
need to know about, that there's
financial problems or whatever.
But what you learn is, I
know there's something.
That's my internal truth, and
I've been told there's nothing.
And we start to distrust that.
School, we'll sit there and go,
oh, the best thing for me now
is to get up and run.
And they say, sit down
and recess is in an hour.
And we distrust our
own body's sense
that we would probably
learn better right now if we
were active for five minutes.
We could come back
and concentrate.
But instead, we're
taught, we know best.
And since we are
beings that love
to be loved and
love to be accepted,
and in fact, if we're ostracized
from the tribe we may die--
you know, babies have
failure to thrive
when they're not touched.
We need to really pay
attention to those signals.
Are we in line with
our tribe or not?
And our tribe for
many years have
been teaching many
things that may cause
us to distrust our intuition.
>> The teachers, the educational
authorities need to understand
that these children are
predominantly right-brained,
so they need to be nurtured
through creativity,
through every aspect
of creativity.
Yes, I understand that they need
the basics of maths and English
or whatever language they speak.
But when they're
nurtured and they're
taught through creativity,
then their right brains
become more expanded and
they will function better
from that aspect
than the left brain
because the right brain is the
creative, intuitive, female
side where the left brain is the
masculine, logical, analytical
side.
The more the children are
forced into the left brain,
the quicker the ego
begins to come forward.
And then they go into all the
negative aspects of the ego,
and they're nurtured then
through fear, doubt, worry,
and anxiety.
Can you imagine if every
child on this planet
was nurtured through their right
brain, creative and intuitive?
There would be
practically no illnesses.
There would be harmony.
There would be equilibrium.
And this planet would move
back into the dimensions
it needs to be in so quickly.
[BELL RINGING]
So ICU is Inspiring
Children Universally.
Right, come and have a seat.
We take the children through
10 or 12-week sessions
to enable them to connect
with their outer consciousness
and be able to function
in a different way
where they can see,
write, play, read, draw,
all sorts of things without
the use of their physical eyes.
Blindfolds on then.
That's it.
Good girls.
We blindfold the
children and we get
them to see with a whole
different aspect of themselves.
OK.
So you've got some copper
wire and you're going
to make a headband, all right?
So here are all your beads, so
you can reach into the center,
hopefully.
We normally see them
after a school day,
unless they're home-schooled.
So they would come for
an hour after school,
and we'd take them through
what we call the opening
process to align them with
their outer consciousness,
and we take them through
the process to see.
So we encourage them to use
the light within them, which
effectively is their
outer consciousness,
but we're bringing
it from inside out.
>> This is getting a bit easier.
>> That's good.
Let me make one thing
perfectly clear.
These children are not
using their third eye.
When you block out
all light to the eyes,
the pineal gland,
which is the third eye,
temporarily closes down.
So we're not using the third
eye in any shape or form.
When they align with
their outer energy,
if we liken it to their spirit
standing over their shoulder
and then transmits that
information via the brain,
that's the simplest
form of helping people
to understand what is happening.
That's it.
>> Gotten how to do it.
>> That's it.
You're doing well.
Bring it round to the middle.
The brain has to go through
some form of recalibration,
almost as though the
neuropathways have
to be realigned because the
eyes aren't functioning,
and yet the child
is doing something
that the eyes would
normally be partaking in.
When those neuropathways
are formed,
that is the beginning of
the balance between the left
and the right brain.
Some children say it's like
looking through a tiny pinhole.
Some people-- some
children say it's
like looking through a tunnel.
Some children can
see from both sides.
see behind them.
But what we do know is that they
have the potential to see out
of any cell in their body.
Freya, that's really clever.
You all right there, Bella?
>> Yeah.
>> A couple of the basics that
we do throughout the session is
we never, ever say no to
the children in a session
because the minute you say no,
they're going to be triggered
by their left brain.
Yeah, they're nice.
Purple one.
When we're working with
them, we work very fast so
that their left brain
doesn't have time
to be a part of the process.
And when we work fast with them,
we get really good results.
Trust me.
Doing an hour session
with a child as a teacher,
you feel like you
need to lay down
for three hours
afterwards [LAUGHS]
because you have
to be on high alert
on every level of
your consciousness
while you're working with
them because actually,
when they're working
in that level,
they could outwit you easily.
They have this pure energy
because they're younger.
They haven't been conditioned
or programmed in certain ways.
So as a teacher, you have
to have your wits about you.
You have to be sharp.
You have to be alert.
You have to have eyes in
every cell of your body
while you're watching them so
that they don't wrap you up
in tape.
[LAUGHS]
Now, I'm going to
choose a book and we're
going to pass it
round the table,
and we're going to
read a page each.
So let's choose this one.
OK, Freya, tell us
the name of the book.
>> "Listening With My Heart."
>> Good girl.
OK.
So open it to the first
part of the story.
>> "Today was the class play."
>> Yeah.
>> "Waiting for mama to
walk with her to school,
she paced back and forth when
she spotted a heart-shaped
rock."
>> Excellent.
OK, Bella, your turn.
>> "Esperanza picked it up and
showed it to her mama as soon
as she stepped outside.
'I see you found a little
treasure', said mama."
>> Yeah, good girl.
>> "Esperanza rubbed its rough
surface and felt a twinkle
of joy. 'Maybe it's a sign.'
'For what?' asked mama.
She thought about the class
play later that afternoon,
wondering what it would finally
be like in the spotlight.
'To put my heart into
everything I do,' she answered."
>> Good girl.
>> "At that moment, they head
scratching and a soft cry."
>> Good girl.
>> "Esperanza peeked under
the stairs and spotted a kitty
shaking and shivering,
no mama in sight.
She scooped the kitten onto
her lap and cuddled her.
'She's all alone.
I think she's hungry.'
Esperanza reached
for her lunch bag,
pinched off a piece of
chicken, and offered it
to the kitty who gobbled it up."
>> Good girl.
Well done.
Even when they come
for their first session
and we ask them to
put a blindfold on,
they don't ask why.
If I had an adult
here and I said,
right, we're going to
put this blindfold on,
and they look at it and they
see two little white pads
inside the blindfold,
they'd want
to know what the
white pads are for.
So the children
don't ask questions.
And that's the other thing we
never, ever do in a session.
We never ask them a question
because the minute you
have a question mark at
the end of a sentence,
they have to answer it
with their left brain.
So we avoid the left
brain at all costs.
So instead of saying, what
do you see on the page,
we would say to them, tell
me what you see on the page.
So we command them
with love rather than
ask them a question.
Tell us what you see on
the page as well this time.
>> A kitten, a lady with a star.
>> Good girl.
>> "Can we keep
Cleocatra, please?"
>> I've always had a
really strong intuition.
It's always been there.
It's helped me throughout life.
>> Esperanza.
Yeah, good girl.
>> There was something inside
me that knew that my girls had
to do this.
There was just a
voice inside me.
It was like, take the
blinkers off, you know?
Not all is what it seems.
Go for it.
What harm could it do?
And that was stronger than
the skeptical part of me.
>> And on the other side?
>> A boy--
>> Yeah.
>> --with a soccer ball.
>> Yep.
>> Some trees.
>> Good girl.
>> Bushes.
>> Yes.
>> Bench.
Yep.
>> Bin.
>> Wonderful.
Let's have a read then.
>> OK.
"At school, Esperanza was
more focused on the play."
>> It's not about the
seeing with the blindfold.
That's kind of like
the icing on the cake.
>> "Awaited her cue."
>> Good girl.
Well done.
Pass it on to Evie.
>> My twins did it first.
They're now 15.
And I have another
daughter who's
here today doing ICU, Evie.
She's 10 and she started
about two years ago.
>> He says a bush or a tree.
>> Yes, it looks like it.
>> Oh, a tree?
>> Yes.
>> Flowers.
>> A girl?
>> That's right.
>> The star.
>> Tell me the colors
of the rainbow.
Point to the colors and tell me.
>> >> Red.
>> Yes.
>> Orange.
>> Yellow.
>> Good.
>> Green.
>> Yes.
>> Blue and purple.
>> Good girl.
Well done.
Let's read then.
"Esperanza walked
on stage, tripped
as she was about to
say her first line,
and splattered
across the stage."
>> Oh my goodness.
>> It can boost their
self-confidence.
It's very, very healing,
their self-worth.
I mean, they grew so much
when they was doing it,
and they're still growing now.
>> "All eyes were glued to her.
She wished-- she wished as--"
>> "She wished she--"
>> "She wished she
could just disappear."
>> Good girl.
Well done.
Excellent.
Good girls.
>> My daughter was struck
down with an illness.
They told us that she had
ME, which I think is also--
they call it chronic
fatigue syndrome as well,
so it has the two
different names.
They said that they
had no cure for her,
and that there was nothing
they could do for her.
So obviously, as a mother, this
motherly instinct was like,
well, hang on a minute.
She's 10 years old.
You can't say this to me.
This is not-- this
can't be true.
We went for about a year and
a half to two years with Jess
just-- she just got
worse and worse.
Her illness progressed.
And she-- in the end, she was
pretty much wheelchair-bound.
She couldn't get out of bed.
We used to carry her
backwards and forwards
to the bathroom, and
just a mother's worst
nightmare or any parent's worst
nightmare for their child.
And I used to run
a group at home,
and this particular day a new
lady came into this group.
And her name was Karen.
And she became good
friends with Jess
because Jess couldn't
go to school.
She didn't go to
school for two years.
Karen was the one
who taught ICU.
And she said one
day out of the blue,
I teach this program called ICU.
I don't know if you've
heard of it, which I hadn't.
She said, I think that
this might help Jess.
And Jess instantly said, yes,
please, I'd love to try it.
And that was where
the ICU started
to be born like in our home.
At that time, if ever we went
out, she was in a wheelchair.
And within probably
four months, I
can remember throwing the
wheelchair in the rubbish.
I was like, oh, my.
I never thought
I'd see this day.
So I would say from
the start of the ICU
where it felt impossible,
it was just like,
I had to give up all work
and everything I was doing.
My life became around
just supporting
Jess through this illness to
six months later, our little one
just being full of life
and back to normality,
whatever that might be.
It was life-changing,
life-changing for Jess,
life-changing for our
family, life-changing for me,
for all of the people around
us because the ICU saved her,
basically.
>> OK.
So girls, I'm going
to hold a card up,
and I'll hold it up for you.
And what you're going to do is
draw what you see on the card.
>> OK.
>> Ready?
>> Yeah.
>> OK, let's go.
If we look at an abused child
and we look at an angry child
because they're
out of alignment,
the reactions are
very much the same.
>> This color's so light.
>> I need a pink.
>> The child that has been
forced to contract its energy
through possibly abuse or the
child that doesn't feel like it
belongs even though it's in a
family-- a very loving family,
the fundamental things that
are the same is the contracted
energy field and the frustration
that builds up inside of them.
If they can't express the energy
that builds up inside of them,
then it's like a little
time bomb waiting to go off.
I work with autistic
children, and--
oh boy.
They are so high vibrational.
If you have a lamp that can
only take a 30-watt light bulb,
if you try to put a 120-watt
light bulb into that lamp,
it's going to blow.
Well, we're looking
at these children
being a 120-watt light bulb
being fitted into a body that
can only take a 30.
So they're hyper.
They express themselves
in certain ways,
and then they're given
medication to numb them down.
So all of that
energy that they are
is building up inside
of them, and then
they just need to explode.
When they become that
frustrated, that angry,
the energy field gets
closer and closer to them
so they can barely breathe.
Nice picture, Evie.
>> I should have probably
done the yellow first before--
>> That's OK.
You're doing really well.
Once the children start school
and go through the education
system, then we're looking at
a numbing of their vibration.
The education system just
doesn't suit them anymore.
It's antiquated in every aspect.
Good girl.
That's it.
Got to color it in, Bella.
>> When Jess was ill, she
didn't go to school at all.
And then when she recovered, we
put her back into the school.
And I think she was in
there for about a month,
and she just did
not fit into this--
this almost-- she would come
home and say, my god, Mom.
The school is like a prison.
Because she's found
this freedom inside.
She's found the
truth of who she is,
and she knows that that isn't
going to be found there.
The school comes from many
years of conditioning,
and we're teaching children to
fit into a society that isn't--
isn't of its natural state.
We're teaching children to
be something that they're not
supposed to be.
>> Children are open.
Children live in a
miraculous world.
But this is a miraculous world,
and we've got to learn in it,
just like artists
continue to live.
I think a great artist
remains a child in that sense.
You don't lose that
sense of wonder.
Just to quote Einstein who
said so many wonderful things,
he said "There are two ways
to live your life, either
as if everything is a
miracle or as if nothing is."
>> Fantastic.
>> What makes us dismiss our own
superpowers is the feeling that
they're not real unless they
are validated in the eyes
of somebody who represents the
power structure, who will say,
what is the value of that?
Prove that to me.
Explain it to me.
We don't realize that by
entering into that dialogue,
we've already given
the power away.
We have no way to win
that conversation.
The correct response
to that conversation
is the tone in which you're
approaching me makes it
impossible for me to develop.
So unless you can approach
me more sensitively,
then I can't engage with you.
>> Next card.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Oh, that's just a sun.
>> I think it was their
fifth session, and Amber,
the first twin, she started
to see, which was amazing.
Absolutely amazing.
I remember driving
her home, and she
was showing me all the
numbers on the doors
from the car window.
And it was just
such an excitement.
And in her excitement,
Abby, she began
to see as well, which
was absolutely amazing.
And you can imagine,
identical twins together
with the blindfolds
on, it was fantastic.
>> It takes forever just to
color in these pointy bits.
>> They were seeing
for a couple of days,
and then a skeptic who they
were very close to, she started
questioning.
She shut down one twin.
She-- the first twin, she
started to question it,
and it kind of shut
down her energy.
And when her energy shut
down, the other twin's energy
shut down.
And then they both
didn't see after that.
>> We had a little
girl that was reading,
but her father was
a complete skeptic.
So this particular day,
he brought his daughter
for her session.
And this was with another
one of the ICU teachers.
And she was sitting
at the table reading,
and her father was sitting
in the chair behind her,
quite a way back.
And I think his curiosity must
have got the better of him
because he started to
walk towards her to see
what she was actually doing.
And the little girl said to
the teacher, my vision's gone.
So the teacher beckoned
the father to move away,
and as he moved away her
reading vision came back.
So we know that the energy
of a negative person
can shut the children
down, and we also
know that it has the
potential for them never
to be aligned with that
level of consciousness again.
>> You kind of think, oh,
what a disappointment,
but it really wasn't.
It really wasn't
a disappointment.
For instance, Amber, she's the
top in her school for history.
She's got a real
talent for history.
And Abby, she loves art.
She gets lost in her art.
Amber, she says, we're
going to see this person
today, and this person, like--
we see this person
without her even knowing.
Or this song's going
to come on the radio.
It comes on the radio, you know?
It's amazing.
[LAUGHS]
>> We are aligning them
with their true aspect.
We're aligning them with
their consciousness.
And they're keeping that.
They're moving through education
with so much grace and ease
that they're moving
through life.
They're expanding even more.
And what we're finding
is that they're not just
going through changes
in their own lives.
They're facilitating changes
in their family's lives,
in the community.
>> The society and the
way things are is that
they're teaching the children
that for your happiness
and for your peace and your
joy, you have to go outside.
Like, you have to look out
there because it's out there.
It's out there in the bags.
It's out there in the
Louis Vuitton fake bag.
It's out there in the lipsticks
and the makeup and the hair
and what you look like and
this, that, and the other.
And for Jess, the
profoundness of Jess
is she found it in here, and so
none of that makes any sense.
She can still enjoy these
things on the outside.
But when it comes from
a different place, when
it isn't coming from
fear or from a need
to fit in or from
a low self-esteem.
>> I need the black.
>> Find the black.
>> Is that black?
>> Yeah.
It seems we're taking them
back to their energy when
they were born, but they're
now five, six, seven, eight,
and nine.
It's amazing to watch.
It's amazing to take them
through such a program
that they keep
their true essence.
>> Wait.
How--
[SHARPENING PENCIL]
>> So I'm shadowing Freya's
picture because although
she's got a blindfold on,
the sun's shining on the page
and it's too bright, so
her vision is super sharp
at the moment with
the brightness.
It's just amazes me.
>> With Evie, she's into
making these cartoon videos.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There's been a character
in a dark room,
and she's turned
the room into light.
I mean, this is amazing.
Their consciousness
opens up so much.
>> All our children need is to
be nurtured in such a way that
they can stay in an
expanded field through love.
>> Freya.
>> Evie.
>> Ah!
Bella.
>> I feel very strongly that the
parents need to understand who
their child is energetically
rather than just as a boy
or a girl, a son or a daughter.
>> Evie.
>> Because they're not
just a human being.
They're a spirit.
They're a soul.
They're a light.
Put yourself in your
daughter's shoes.
When you tell her that
she's doing something wrong,
how often do you tell her why?
>> Ah!
>> Do you educate
her in those ways?
There's a very fine
line as a parent
as to how much you
protect your child
and how much you set them free.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> Everybody's individual.
Every personality is individual.
It's an art in
itself as a parent
to know how much you give
and how much you protect.
>> Bella.
>> Evie.
Evie.
>> I asked Evie when she
was doing this, wow, Evie.
This is amazing.
This is fantastic.
I mean, how do you
feel doing this?
And she said, Mommy,
any child can do this.
Any child can do it.
It's like riding a bike to them.
>> Evie.
>> [LAUGHS] Where'd it go?
Where'd it go?
>> The truth is that we
are all consciousness.
It's not just half of us were
that and half of us were not.
Like, every single one is.
So if it's cultivated
in the right way,
we have a planet
of awakened beings.
>> Honor them, understand
them, listen to them,
and be at one with them.
[SOFT MUSIC]
[MUSIC PLAYING]